this fight it really is just going back
and forth the the archers I have in the
distance the fire arrows are really
helping out Saria's group here I also
think the corpses are giving the
cokyrian advantage they're so small so
they can kind of I don't know fight
better in the pile of corpses as
gruesome as that sounds and those fire
arrows are just murdering all these
lawyer here are starting to run away now
better run away
sorry on her bodyguards I don't think
they're doing too well hopefully I can
keep these archers at a distance and
pelting them fire arrows
yeah these emerald archers are just
really handy I'm still not sure how I'm
going to win with just two groups of
archers and sorry but I'm sure I'll find
a way hopefully I don't even think sorry
I is alive anymore can't really discern
all these kokayi among all the corpses
everywhere it looks like they got some
sapphire wardens because I see blue fire
falling down on my poor little Kokiri
I'll bombard them with some fire arrows
myself looks like sorry is finally
retreating yeah I'm surprised I didn't
run away sooner so it looks like I have
to fight off the rest of these auras
which is two groups of archers I'm not
sure how I'm going to do is I'm probably
gonna have to have one group going Neal
a while the other support some fire
arrows
yeah I'm going to go into me lay against
these guys right here and then i'll have
the second group of archers stay at a
distance
here comes all the Zora infantry not
much left but I'd say they have at least
the same amount of troops that I have
and since the Zora are no physically
stronger than the Koch period don't know
that's to my advantage looks like they
outnumber me actually not sure how I'm
going to pull this one off it's looking
like it might be a loss weather mage is
doing these mages it looks like they're
coming in I probably just coming in
closer role lightning bolts hit more
often
the epic battle between fish people and
little kids that looks like my second
group of archers is going to have to go
me lay which fortunately the Zora mages
really suck in me like because they
don't have any weapons besides their
their fists
if they didn't have any sapphire wardens
this might be a little more of a fair
fight but the Zora sapphire wardens are
well looks like they're in countries
running away little kids scared away the
fish troopers looks like they did the
same to the mages the mages are in full
retreat looks like all I have left are
there sapphire worn and so once again
the fight just back and forth one minute
the Czar outnumber me the next minute I
outnumber them and then vice versa so it
looks like I might actually win this if
I can just burn down the rest of their
sapphire wardens with my fire arrows
before they bowed down my little coke
Yuri's
let's go check out all the corpses
octorok sands auras everywhere and
there's the Zora came way over there
anyway got to focus on trying to win
this
after a long fight it comes down two
groups of archers fighting groups of
mages which will win blue fire or
regular fire looks like the coke a
you're doing a good job
he's burning down these fish
I don't think these more majors are
going to last much longer I think I'm
just going to come into meal I actually
I'm just going to go into me like
because the Sapphire wardens and the
Zora mages suck in melee but the Emerald
archers actually have knives that they
use so if I were to charge them I might
actually win unless they run away which
it looks like they're doing up there all
running away they're going in full
retreat which means I might win yep loss
of the Zoras are in full retreat so it's
an instant victory wow that was a pretty
interesting fight really back and forth
as I mentioned earlier just constantly
what's the words I'm looking forward is
back and forth between who had the
advantage so that was actually really
fun fight so that's about it for the co
kerry next up i will start working on
the Goma and since they are a non
humanoid race that's probably actually
going to take me a long while to finish
them because i have to make custom
animations and everything for him so
i'll probably release just the co carry
on a demo soon so if you're on the total
war forms should see a demo up pretty
soon but thanks for listening and stay
tuned for updates and hopefully the NGO
mo will be ready sooner than later